Home
About us
Our Team
Services
Our Place
Interact

Professionals at work for ...... You


Company Law & Secretarial Compliances
We undertake all kinds of company law related and secretarial services under direct supervision of qualified and experienced company secretaries. The spectrum of services we provide includes incorporation of companies, maintenance of various statutory registers and records, including minutes ...

Corporate Governance Services
Advising on good governance practices and compliance of regulations and guidelines made thereunder. Company Corporate Governance norms as prescribed under the listing norms and various other statutes and also assist in developing and establishing good governance practices and sound ethical ...

Secretarial / Compliance Audit & Certification Services
Compliance audit assists the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors on understanding the status of the statutory compliances, internal control systems, management information systems and its effectiveness in the proper and transparent governance ...

Corporate Restructuring Services
We advice and assist managements in formulating and implementing pragmatic and effective corporate restructuring strategies especially keeping in view the needs and constraints of emerging and midcap companies. following a merger, acquisition, divestiture, or leveraged buy-out.

Representation Services
We work very closely with various Departments, Ministries, Authorities, Registrar Offices, Sub-Registrar Offices, Associations & Government Bodies and regulatory authorities like RBI, SEBI, IRDA etc. to ensure that clients get the best possible effective, timely advice and assistance.

Financial Markets Services
We keep ourselves updated from the movements and the trends in the capital market and provide the overall consultancy in respect of Public Issue/Right Issue/Bonus Issue of shares. The broad range of our services includes drawing up marketing strategy for the issue, advising on timing of the issue ...

Banking Services
We provide Diligence Report and Certification in respect of Consortium / Multiple banking arrangement made by Scheduled Commercial Banks/Urban Co-operative Banks, Loan Syndication, Loan Documentation, Registration of Charges etc....

RBI and FOREX Law Services
Cross border transactions is the order of the present buisiness era. Overseas investments in India, setting up of branch offices / subsidiaries, and joint ventures are primarily governed by FEMA, its rules and regulations, along with the permission and approval of RBI in certain cases. Our services in this area include.

Legal Due Diligence
Our due diligence specialists and legal experts have a proven track record of conducting meticulous due diligence for all kinds of enterprises whether small, medium or large enterprises in respect of potential acquisitions, strategic investments, collaborations, joint ventures etc.

Quick Links
Downloads
Useful Links
News Letter
Career Opportunities
Disclaimer & Declaration
Frequently Asked Questions

Mission & Vision
Our Mission is to help our clients in accomplishing the objectives of their Mission and Vision statements. We offer a wide range of professional advisory services, while reflecting highest standards of performance and quality service.

Our Vision is to unlock the growth potential of our clients by maximizing their value through our extensive professional advice and services. We are Committed to sustain an enriching environment through diversity & teamwork for their continuous improvement.


Footer:


PS RAO & ASSOCIATES
Company Secretaries
Copy Right©  2012.




Designed by ChoiceOne	CORPORATE OFFICE

D.No. 6-3-347-22/2, Flat-10,
4th Floor, Iswarya Nilayam,
Dwarakapuri Colony, Punjagutta,
Hyderabad 500081, AP
Tele-Fax: 040-23352185/6
Email: info@psraoassociates.com


About us:

"Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes
a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work."
- Vince Lombardi
We P S RAO & ASSOCIATES is a dynamic and progressive partnership firm of Company Secretaries, deliver value through a dedicated team of professionals with extensive experience across a broad range of disciplines and our knowledge of corporate governance, corporate affairs, corporate management & restructuring, collaborations, strategic planning and professional environment ensures that we can offer practical advice and business solutions in order to maximize value to our clients.

We at P S Rao Associates are driven by the motto "MINDING YOUR BUSINESS AS OURS".

Working with a team of professionals, committed to excel with sound knowledge and technology thereby unlocking the growth potential through required structuring. Our customized services with outstanding delivery model provide long term sustainable wealth creation. Allied with this, we have considerable resources essential to enable us to successfully manage and drive forward transactions within the timetables required. Each tailored assignment is undertaken by a team with the most appropriate blend of skills with the objective of providing the best professional advice available. A blend of extensive experience and innovative attitude infused by the team combine, the Firm gets a continued professional impetus.
"A team is a reflection of its leadership." - Ryan Setzer


Our Team
The team comprises of 25 members, an ideal blend of young talent and experience having dealt number of complex assignments and equipped to take up challenges in a dynamic corporate and economic environment.


Mr. P S Rao
A Commerce Graduate and a fellow member of Company Secretary with a professional experience of nearly two decades. He is a founder partner of M/s P S Rao & Associates, Firm of Company Secretaries. He has varied experience in Company Law, FEMA and other Legislations focusing mainly in Mergers and Acquisitions, Corporate Restructuring, Joint Ventures and Foreign Collaborations, Due Diligence Audits, and Capital Market Issues. He has also served and continues to serve as advisor to the Board of Directors / Management Council of number of listed / unlisted companies in India and abroad. He is visiting faculty at various professional institutes, associations and bodies. He was a member of the Secretarial Standards Board of ICSI.

	
Mr. Vikas Sirohiya
A Commerce graduate and an Associate member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. He qualified as a Company Secretary in the year 1999 and has an experience of over 12 years in the areas of legal, secretarial, capital markets and other corporate affairs. He has been actively engaged in dealing with company law matters and obtaining approvals and registrations with various governmental, statutory, regulatory and administrative authorities like Registrar of Companies, Company Law Boards, Regional Directors, and Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Reserve Bank of India, Stock Exchanges, SEBI, DGFT and other statutory Authorities and representing before the said Authorities on behalf of clients.


Ms. N. Vanitha
An associate of the firm, she has an experience of about 2 years. She is a graduate in commerce and a member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. She handles various secretarial matters, Compliances and related issues.


Services:

I. Company Law & Secretarial Compliances
We undertake all kinds of company law related and secretarial services under direct supervision of qualified and experienced company secretaries. The spectrum of services we provide includes incorporation of companies, maintenance of various statutory registers and records, including minutes books of board & shareholders meetings, preparation of agenda, Notice of Board meetings, share holder meetings, report, assisting in holding and conducting board meetings & shareholders meetings, follow up and liaising with ROC, ensuring compliance of various clauses of the listing agreement, Filling and filing of various forms and returns with ROC, etc and most importantly providing proper advice to the management on various aspects and statutory provisions under the Companies Act, 1956.
1. Formation / Change and Conversion of Company:

2. Issue/restructuring of share capital:

3. Shares and share related issues:

4. Appointments/ cessations/remuneration and Meetings:

5. Issue of reports and maintenance of records:


II. Corporate Governance Services
Advising on good governance practices and compliance of regulations and guidelines made there under. Company Corporate Governance norms as prescribed under the listing norms and various other statutes and also assist in developing and establishing good governance practices and sound ethical and professional standards on the foundation of which the edifice of a corporate is built.

III. Corporate Restructuring Services
We advice and assist managements in formulating and implementing pragmatic and effective corporate restructuring strategies especially keeping in view the needs and constraints of emerging and midcap companies. following a merger, acquisition, divestiture, or leveraged buy-out. The impact of corporate restructuring like a merger, amalgamation or demerger is generally widely felt, touching shareholders, creditors, investors, employees, suppliers, customers and the community.
We, at P.S.Rao & Asscociates, reduce the adverse fall out of this impact by providing appropriate strategy with an inbuilt comprehensive restructuring plan. In addition, we help clients secure debt and equity financing, while reducing cost and reorganizing operations. We also place top level professionals in management positions to turnaround the company’s financial performance. Our customized, strategic approach to restructuring limits financial losses and simultaneously reduces tensions between creditors and shareholders. By doing so, we seek to alleviate the temporary distressed situation and improve the company’s competitive position.
Amalgamation / Mergers / Demerger.
Arrangement in relation to corporate restructuring
Reduction of Share Capital
Liquidation / Winding-up of Companies
IV. Secretarial/Compliance audit and certification services
We conduct compliance and secretarial audit for and on behalf of the corporates. It helps strengthen the Corporate Governance in an organization. Compliance audit assists the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors on understanding the status of the statutory compliances, internal control systems, management information systems and its effectiveness in the proper and transparent governance of the organization.
Secretarial Audit
Share Transfer Audit
Operational Audit of credit rating agencies
Internal Audit for stock brokers/trading members/clearing members
Corporate Governance Report
Certification of Borrower Companies for Consortium Lending under RBI norms.
Annual Return Certification
Certify compliance of requirement under Schedule XIII
Certify all documents to be filed with Registrar of Companies to take on record
Certify extinguishments and physical destruction of share certificates bought back by company.
V. Representation Services
We work very closely with various Departments, Ministries, Authorities, Registrar Offices, Sub-Registrar Offices, Associations & Government Bodies and regulatory authorities like RBI, SEBI, IRDA etc. to ensure that clients get the best possible effective, timely advice and assistance. The range of our Services include Liasoning Representation before various Departments, Ministries, Authorities, Registrar, Sub-Registrar Offices, Associations & Government Bodies, in India. We represent on behalf of a company and other persons before;
Company Law Board
National Company Law Tribunal
Competition Commission of India
Securities Appellate Tribunal
Registrar of Companies
Consumer Forums
Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal
Tax Tribunals and Other quasi-judicial bodies and Tribunal
VI. Financial Markets Services
We keep ourselves updated from the movements and the trends in the capital market and provide the overall consultancy in respect of Public Issue/Right Issue/Bonus Issue of shares .The broad range of our services includes drawing up marketing strategy for the issue, advising on timing of the issue, price of the offer, ensuring compliance of various regulatory and statutory requirements of SEBI, Stock Exchanges, RBI, GOI etc. We make the marathon task of preparing the Drafting of Prospectus and Letter of Offer quite simple swift by virtue of our experience and deep understanding of the markets and the regulatory environment, compliance of pre-public issue and post public issue activities, liasoning with various statutory authorities, also assist promoters to select right intermediaries of the issue, private placement of Equity and Preference Share with NRIs, OCBs, Banks & Financial Institutions, Mutual fund companies etc.
1. Public Issue, Listing and Securities Management:

2. Takeover Code and Insider Trading:

3. Securities Compliance and Certification Services:


VII. Banking Services
We provide Diligence Report and Certification in respect of Consortium / Multiple banking arrangement made by Scheduled Commercial Banks/Urban Co-operative Banks, Loan Syndication, Loan Documentation, Registration of Charges etc.
Diligence Report and Certification in respect of Consortium / Multiple banking arrangement
Loan Syndication
Loan Documentation
Registration of Charges
Status and Search Report
Inspection, modification & satisfaction of Charges
Condonation of delay in filing documents
Opinion on various company law matters
Advising lenders in safeguarding their interest consequent to change in the constitution of the borrower
Certification as per the Guidelines on consortium arrangements/multiple banking arrangements issued by RBI.
Compliance of Directions issued to NBFC / Banking Companies under RBI Act, 1934.
One time settlement of dues with banks and financial institutions, including "Corporate Debt Restructuring" ( CDR) proposals.
VIII. RBI and FOREX Law Services
Cross border transactions is the order of the present buisiness era. Overseas investments in India, setting up of branch offices / subsidiaries, and joint ventures are primarily governed by FEMA, its rules and regulations, along with the permission and approval of RBI in certain cases. Our services in this area include;
Advice on legal and procedural matters falling under FEMA and arranging various approvals and compliances
International corporate strategies & affairs.
Setting up of Foreign Subsidiaries/ joint ventures abroad.
Setting up of Branch office, Liaison office, Project office and related compliances.
FDI (Foreign Direct Investment) compliances.
NRI (Non-Resident Indian) investment and compliances.
IX. Legal Due Diligence
Our due diligence specialists and legal experts have a proven track record of conducting meticulous due diligence for all kinds of enterprises whether small, medium or large enterprises in respect of potential acquisitions, strategic investments, collaborations, joint ventures etc.
Conducting corporate legal due diligence
Documentation and check list compliances under various Corporate Laws
Issuing Due Diligence Reports
Providing post due diligence legal compliance audit manual
Assist in Negotiations
Assist in drafting, preparation and finalization of Shareholders and Share Subscription Agreements.
Commencement of new business by an existing company
Execution of pre completion and post completion transactions.


Attached one more PPT for more services (We want to become like BIG4 we have Forward deployed engineers & AI agents + Human agents which works 24*7 for you)



